the boy's family is there the mother talked but she does not want to give
interview she was very dangerous this conversation was disclosed
kate hudson is accused of attempting to shoot this policeman
This became aware of this fact that what happened because I am me for
thank you i never football
sooner they had not had contact with him I do not know which one to see
true version of his team could have returned that the police invaded the
residence since it shows how people because I was so doing
body exam
and so far I have nothing to declare with the young person of today had no contact
you say should give copenhagen climate
no no no
I'm quiet, I do not have anything.
negative about her
he came to attack the police officer did not put his hand on my shoulder for a crime
in which he says that the front that entered the dressing room
renata received any letter yet tried to escape
on the aircraft was in there
but I was with the others
on the bullet note I did not hear anything said to have shot in movies that have nothing
can not give away almost full of people
sport party
who are currently exhausted sumaré
Did you see the boy?
This ends up getting home, we get a dose of the vaccine in the us being usurped
Timbu arrives on a trip.
and nobody tried to hide the boy I do not intend to hide it
recognizes any notes that correspond
So, we're going to gain nothing.
I do not know
salaries
what confusion was
to this confusion happened only I learned here it arrived that the battle before
of the Danish date does not yet apply in a Haitian sector or late yesterday
she arrested me, she was also debated at the house of days of the year
the fall of Muhammad Gaddafi is on the verge of age in the house the church was closed
to nobody even though I did not believe
according to police young people
would have been the person who assaulted a Russian policeman
Do not fear and the police are speaking under the law would allow
any time after saying goodbye to the fragrance
pilot of the team that after working soccer is irresistible reacted it
I prefer not to polemize even I will compete for the top of the cup
in this confusion was therefore half of the stadium
fossati for detainees of the social state to contain
holidays in salford cpi that generates boarding house after 70 days